[Docs] Add instructions to verify Docker install images (#15058)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/docker.asciidoc

endif::[]

==== Verifying the image

Although it's optional, we highly recommend verifying the signatures included with your downloaded Docker images to ensure that the images are valid.

Elastic images are signed with https://docs.sigstore.dev/cosign/overview/[Cosign] which is part of the https://www.sigstore.dev/[Sigstore] project. Cosign supports container signing, verification, and storage in an OCI registry. Install the appropriate https://docs.sigstore.dev/cosign/installation/[Cosign application]
for your operating system.

> Run the following commands to verify the *elastic-agent* container image signature for {ls} v{version}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following commands to verify the *logstash* container image signature for {ls} v{version}:
```

Author: I adjusted the suggestion just to remove the container image name altogether rather than have "Logstash" appear twice in the sentence.
